gh-123254: Improve `tuple` C API docs with more info about errors (#123255)
python/cpython: Doc/c-api/tuple.rst

.. c:function:: PyObject* PyTuple_New(Py_ssize_t len)

   Return a new tuple object of size *len*,
   or ``NULL`` with an exception set on failure.

.. c:function:: PyObject* PyTuple_Pack(Py_ssize_t n, ...)

   Return a new tuple object of size *n*,
   or ``NULL`` with an exception set on failure. The tuple values
   are initialized to the subsequent *n* C arguments pointing to Python objects.
   ``PyTuple_Pack(2, a, b)`` is equivalent to ``Py_BuildValue("(OO)", a, b)``.

.. c:function:: Py_ssize_t PyTuple_Size(PyObject *p)

   Take a pointer to a tuple object, and return the size of that tuple.

>    or ``-1`` and set a :exc:`SystemError` exception if *p* is not a tuple.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   On error, return ``-1`` and with an exception set.
```

.. c:function:: Py_ssize_t PyTuple_GET_SIZE(PyObject *p)

>    Like :c:func:`PyTuple_Size`, but does no checking of its arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Like :c:func:`PyTuple_Size`, but without error checking.
```

.. c:function:: PyObject* PyTuple_New(Py_ssize_t len)

   Return a new tuple object of size *len*,
   or ``NULL`` with an exception set on failure.

.. c:function:: PyObject* PyTuple_Pack(Py_ssize_t n, ...)

   Return a new tuple object of size *n*,
   or ``NULL`` with an exception set on failure. The tuple values
   are initialized to the subsequent *n* C arguments pointing to Python objects.
   ``PyTuple_Pack(2, a, b)`` is equivalent to ``Py_BuildValue("(OO)", a, b)``.

.. c:function:: Py_ssize_t PyTuple_Size(PyObject *p)

   Take a pointer to a tuple object, and return the size of that tuple.
   or ``-1`` and set a :exc:`SystemError` exception if *op* is not a tuple.

.. c:function:: Py_ssize_t PyTuple_GET_SIZE(PyObject *p)

>    Return the size of the tuple *op*, which must be non-``NULL``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Return the size of the tuple *p*, which must be non-``NULL``
```

Reviewer: Actually, it seems to me this particular change is not needed. Right?

>    Return the size of the tuple *op*, which must be non-``NULL``
>    and point to a tuple; no error checking is performed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Like :c:func:`PyTuple_Size`, but without error checking.
```

   Create a new struct sequence type from the data in *desc*, described below. Instances
   of the resulting type can be created with :c:func:`PyStructSequence_New`.

>    Returns ``NULL`` with an exception set on failure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Return ``NULL`` with an exception set on failure.
```

.. c:function:: int PyStructSequence_InitType2(PyTypeObject *type, PyStructSequence_Desc *desc)

>    The same as ``PyStructSequence_InitType``, but returns ``0`` on success

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The same as :c:func:`PyStructSequence_InitType`, but return ``0`` on success
```

Reviewer: Alternatively:

```suggestion
   As :c:func:`PyStructSequence_InitType`, but return ``0`` on success
```

... or:

```suggestion
   Like :c:func:`PyStructSequence_InitType`, but return ``0`` on success
```

Author: I think in this context `returns` is correct: "the same as funcion, but (function) returns"

   Creates an instance of *type*, which must have been created with
   :c:func:`PyStructSequence_NewType`.

>    Returns ``NULL`` with an exception set on failure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Return ``NULL`` with an exception set on failure.
```
